The submission "TRES: An R Package for Tensor Regression and Envelope 
Algorithms" presents an R package that provides the least squares and 
envelope estimators for the tensor response regression (TRR) and the 
tensor predictor regression (TPR) models.

In principle, the topic is suitable for JSS. However, the current 
implementation of the package does not meet the standard expected from 
successful JSS publications. For details see the specific comments 
provided below. Therefore, we have decided not to consider the submission 
for a full review.

* The main functionality consists of a regression implementation. However, 
both in terms of input and output the functions are rather non-standard. 
We recommend re-implementation of the package using a standard approach 
and following related functionality (at least lm, glm, but possibly also 
other related packages).

* In R regression models are usually specified using a formula interface 
plus possibly an underlying *.fit() function that operates on 
vectors/matrices (e.g., lm/lm.fit, glm/glm.fit). The formula interface 
typically takes formula, data, subset, na.action plus possibly weights and 
offset.

* The regression output should have a (S3) class with associated methods 
such as print(), summary(), plot() but also for extracting relevant 
information such as coef(), vcov(), fitted(), predict(), residuals(). See 
e.g. methods(class = "lm") and methods(class = "glm").

If the authors re-implement their package (or decide to write a new one) a 
future submission to JSS would be possible. If this is pursued the style 
and replication instructions of the journal need to be followed more 
closely.